hue shun hanbok Zhao of China the
reigning world silver medalist they
barely were be were defeated last year
in Helsinki by berries nyah and secret
leads and of course the two-time and
reigning world champs are not able to
compete it
music Firebird Stravinsky
the preciseness of these positions and
they have branched out choreographically
they're having Sondra Fezzik do their
choreography
I wanted to do something classical but
yet that had a good in-your-face kind of
power and I think this Firebird music is
a good choice for them
choreography also by Michael Seaver
they're side by side photos
twist and she almost delays as he leads
her at the beer
so skaters in axel jump you don't see it
anymore
and again
triple loop wonderful wonderful
revolution and a perfectly smooth out
blowing air
and a more difficult justice
I throw triple salchow so that will help
them in the technical part
side-by-side spins
between the changing positions
their final move
spin
they can be real proud
for months they just took one
yep they're come home
they were very precise skating I mean it
really was interesting to see how
carefully they took each position and
how complete each position was when they
stepped into a spiral or an attitude
position
they intended to do there was nothing
sloppy about it they didn't let it
fritter away
they had took the position and attacked
it well timing is everything because
it's been an inconsistent year for shoe
a Shannon hung boys out she broke her
nose they were off the ice away from
training for a month they toured all the
exhibitions struggled throughout the
Grand Prix got it together for the Grand
Prix Final just up the road in Lyon
which they won and now here in the
fairest short program at Worlds now look
right there the stretch of their legs
the height that they reach the stretch
here the easiness that they have with
this the calmness that they do that with
there is no struggle with that at all it
took perfectly plain and complete and
wonderful and on this watch the split
right there and the delay the delay that
she gets before she does the revolution
that's what makes it interesting and
here is their throw triple jump now
watch the way he'll lift her off the ice
she is so close to him right there good
tight position wonderful height that'll
close the legs are look at the body is
almost straightly almost perfect in
there I'm so excited I can hardly speak
through this and the edge just so nice I
mean that's the way to do it throw
triple John
drinking waters
now the mark 5 8
thanks for required oh well they were
really very they were just superb that's
a wonderful mare and that's what this
program is all about
it's to tell you their technical merit
and their technical merit with support
and they have improved the presentation
though 5/7 and
sooo a sin hyung goes out now the
leaders in the short program